Improve provisioner docs (#741)
nginxinc/nginx-kubernetes-gateway: conformance/provisioner/provisioner.md

      --gatewayclass string        The name of the GatewayClass resource. Every NGINX Gateway must have a unique corresponding GatewayClass resource. (default "")
```

> Note: Provisioner is not ready for production yet (see this issue for more details
https://github.com/nginxinc/nginx-kubernetes-gateway/issues/634). However, it can be used in the Gateway API conformance
tests, which expect a Gateway API implementation to provision an independent data plane per Gateway.

> Note: Provisioner uses [this manifest](/deploy/manifests/deployment.yaml) to create an NKG static mode Deployment.

> That manifests gets included into the NKG binary during the NKG build. To customize the Deployment, modify the manifest 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This manifest gets included into the NKG binary during the NKG build. To customize the Deployment, modify the manifest 
```
